dragnet the story you are about to see
this summer is true only the names have
been changed to protect the innocent
for instance dan Aykroyd ma'am is
sergeant Joe Friday Tom Hanks is
detective pep streebek
your new partners there's a dress code
for detectives in Robbery Homicide
section 3 - 605 0.1 0.2 0.2 2.2 4.7 0.80
my name's Friday take a lot of kiddin
about that almost never you know the
kinds of things that can fall into an
industrial sausage press not excluding
rodent hairs bug expert I hate you
straight back you got a lot of repressed
feelings don't you Friday
must be what keeps your hair up police
officers ma'am why couldn't you got here
before that made that stupid look at
face a sewage rest on my white wedding
dress just the facts ma'am we need to
ask you a few questions
third job you know Friday I think we
finally found your look to enforce the
law this is shaping up to be a little
more than just a series of simple
robberies and preserve the safety of
decent citizens I found the snake
issuer this city isn't perfectly this
much free life for our citizens consider
streets better schools a good hockey
team dragnet on new generation courage
just the facts man